[SPEAKER_05]: You got your PlayStation in my Xbox!
[SPEAKER_05]: With Xbox's recently released Retro Classics library for Game Pass subscribers, a litany of DOS, SNES, Atari, Amiga, and PlayStation games arrived on Xbox and PCs everywhere with more to come.
[SPEAKER_05]: Naturally, these games are played via a streamed connection.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not that streamed games are novel at this point, though there is something strange about a keyboard plugged into a game console to play Zork.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is the Activision Acquisition Headline.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Somers, and Loki to tell you more about Retro Classics and the Rear's of the Week's Gaming News.
[SPEAKER_05]: Starting right now on the show, every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: We are live.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, hello.
[SPEAKER_06]: Once again, May the 25th of 2025 with episode number 1048 of our show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hope those of you in the States are having a good Memorial Day weekend.
[SPEAKER_06]: But we're here to talk about video games as we usually do.
[SPEAKER_06]: My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And my co-host, welcome back this week, the one and only Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome back!
[SPEAKER_06]: How was Golden State Pinball Fest?
[SPEAKER_06]: You had a good time there, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It was lots of fun and I played lots of stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got stuff for y'all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll tell you during my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_06]: I caught you on Blue Sky and then over on Twitch that you were doing some commentating for a little bit too, which I wasn't expecting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, I was.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was commenting on the women's pinball tournament.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: and it was there were some mean tables they were rude the word of the night was rude that reminds me of that TikTok trend I don't know if you see it but there's that okay so you know they made Death Becomes Her a musical right yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's a big musical on Broadway right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: And one of the songs, and I think it's right after the one, you know, Meryl Streep gets a hole blown inside.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or no, was that Goldie Hawn?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: One of them gets the shotgun, but obviously it's the... But she goes, that was rude.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was Goldie Hawn.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was pretty fucking rude.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's really funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, you have to... I know you're not a big TikTok person, but it's these videos, like, I see them all the time.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure YouTube Shorts, Instagram, wherever, they all pull the same memes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I...
[SPEAKER_02]: The only one of those that I care about was Drag Becomes Her with Ben Dillacrim.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that looks like it would be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would have seen that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was third row watching that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was front row when they did Drop Dead Gorgeous with Pandora Box and Ben DeLaCreme was in that one too.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: But anyway, let's see.
[SPEAKER_06]: What else was I going to say here?
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, so you're doing the commentating and were you able to see the winner and all that good stuff?
[SPEAKER_06]: Or was it still like the qualifiers?
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw the winner, but I don't remember who it was because I just wasn't familiar with everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it was a really...
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a really good tournament.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was lots of skill, just the machines were not kind.
[SPEAKER_02]: They were not kind.
[SPEAKER_06]: Very rude.
[SPEAKER_02]: Quite rude.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was pretty fucking rude.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I learned a lot about some of the intricacies of some of the older tables there, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I have to say that I was...
[SPEAKER_02]: Pretty impressed actually with the John Wick table.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a lot more fun than I thought it was the first time I played it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'll tell you more about some of the tables I played at the con.
[SPEAKER_02]: We actually brought in a prototype of the portal multimorphic table.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's so cool that you have that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is now packaged up and ready to go back to the developer.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it was pretty great.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: More later.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sad I didn't get out there.
[SPEAKER_06]: Our errands had backed up and we just didn't have time during the week to do them.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like, eh, I'll live.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll be sad, but I'll live.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get to the one and only Techmaster Loki is here tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm doing good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I notice the game you have behind you because we are broadcasting live, of course, at Twitch Television.
[SPEAKER_06]: Twitch.tv slash VOG Network, the Voice Geeks Network, VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_06]: We broadcast live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show, except plot twist.
[SPEAKER_06]: There was no Bobby Blackwolf on tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: He was streaming on other parts of Twitch as they were doing speed runs.
[SPEAKER_06]: I believe the twist is
[SPEAKER_06]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_06]: He was at MobileCon this weekend and so he wasn't able to be here live tonight, but I was following his blue sky and it looked like he was having a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I don't blame him for taking the night off to enjoy the rest of MobileCon and whatever other antics he may be up to tonight, but he'll be back next week.
[SPEAKER_06]: But Loki, as we are taping live, I noticed you have a game playing behind you here and it took me a minute to realize that's the Lilo and Stitch game that you have playing from like Game Boy Advance or something, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: It is from Game Boy Advance, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I have that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Never played this.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just, you know, we've done this show for like thousands of times.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so it's... 1047 and then this is one more.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Trying to think of new games to put behind me, you know, every time.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I heard about this recently, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was, I think, through Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_04]: Someone was posting like retro games.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they were talking about how the game was kind of like a...
[SPEAKER_04]: Metal Slug clone, which sounded cool to me, so I just thought I'd throw it up behind me since the movie just, live action remake just came out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I was curious.
[SPEAKER_04]: Which I have not watched.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, I was curious if you were playing that because you saw the live-action remake.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have heard some garbage about the movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm so... I don't have much interest in a lot of these live-action remakes.
[SPEAKER_06]: The live-action remakes, they're desperate.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're screaming, we need more coin.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just, I don't know if any of them I've seen have been good.
[SPEAKER_06]: I damn near walked out of Beauty and the Beast at the beginning.
[SPEAKER_06]: That opening scene was so terrible.
[SPEAKER_06]: But then it grew on me as it went on, but...
[SPEAKER_04]: It wouldn't be so bad.
[SPEAKER_04]: Stitch, as far as Stitch goes in the movie, was well represented, I think.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, it looked good.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's all the other side characters that they tweaked and changed and then added more in.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, why?
[SPEAKER_04]: Why did you add more side characters and nobody cares about these people?
[SPEAKER_04]: And then certain things they took out because of...
[SPEAKER_04]: The culture that we live in now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: Stupid things like that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm curious if the non-Disney remake, because they're doing How to Train Your Dragon as a remake now.
[SPEAKER_06]: That one's going to maybe buck the trend because it's not Disney.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm very curious.
[SPEAKER_06]: That would be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe they'll remake all the non-Disney.
[SPEAKER_06]: Can we get a Shrek live action remake?
[SPEAKER_06]: I think there are millions of people that would love a Shrek live action remake.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're getting a Shrek 5, so I mean, that's coming.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ever since I saw the performances online of, it's a drag Shrek, secondary characters only.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: They did show... So there was a teaser for the new Shrek, and if I remember correctly, I think they changed what his model or some of the models of the characters look like, and it's not great.
[SPEAKER_06]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_04]: If I remember correctly.
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, what did you do to this?
[SPEAKER_04]: And I get it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Shrek and that stuff was from an age of when earlier CG, and obviously things have improved over time, but also...
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe if it's been like over 10 years since your last movie, maybe you don't need to make another one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe not.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's get into, you know, we do love movies, but we also love video games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And we have a couple kickoff topics tonight because they're pretty short.
[SPEAKER_06]: And one of them at least has to do with my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know about y'all, but I play the shit out of this this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll get into that in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: But first, an interesting plot twist in Sony's world, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I didn't think this was going to last very long anyways, because it's barely mentioned.
[SPEAKER_04]: Horrible job promoting this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, their other incentive program that they had as well, which I also could never figure out how to get enrolled in or get points in, or when I did have points, how to do anything with it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, like, it doesn't even matter.
[SPEAKER_04]: But anyways, PlayStation Stars, their loyalty program that you may or may not have been aware of,
[SPEAKER_04]: Where you can get points for playing games, launching programs, doing that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, they're sunsetting it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So as of this week, they're going to no longer let you, or I should say last week, no longer letting you sign up.
[SPEAKER_04]: Probably because it's being shut down July 23rd.
[SPEAKER_04]: or I'm sorry July 23rd all campaigns additional rewards and existing benefits will cease yay and then November 2nd 2026 any remaining points you have will be wiped out because they'll be officially over um
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: They said, since launching our program, we've learned a lot from evaluating the types of activities our players respond to.
[SPEAKER_04]: And as a company, we're always involved in blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Through this evaluation, we've decided to refocus our efforts and we'll be winding down the current PlayStation Starz.
[SPEAKER_04]: My guess is because people aren't using it and also maybe just the engagement that they got with it wasn't good.
[SPEAKER_04]: But once again, they didn't push it and the rewards are probably crap.
[SPEAKER_04]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know who cares
[SPEAKER_06]: So, before they shut this down, I would encourage you, if you think you may have signed up for this, because obviously you can't sign up for it now, but if you think you may have signed up for this, go in and see if you have accumulated stars.
[SPEAKER_06]: You might be able to get, like, a $5, $10 PlayStation gift card through this, which, hey, $10, free money, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: and um but but then it was like oh by getting trophies you can level up to three and four and then what do you get when you level up to level four do you get these awesome perks no they call it priority routing for voice chat the fuck does that even mean priority routing for what the fuck does that even mean do the pores do the pores get like Dixie cup and string quality chat like what's what's going on I don't under like it makes no sense as a perk why should like
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_04]: It doesn't make sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: Once again, look at that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's think about that for a second, okay?
[SPEAKER_04]: A company is giving you a feature that the console already technically has.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's like really of no value.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, oh yeah, we took this away so we can give it back to you.
[SPEAKER_04]: Aren't you thankful?
[SPEAKER_04]: You haven't said thank you yet for our PlayStation Star service.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're taking it away.
[SPEAKER_04]: You aren't grateful enough for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's very there.
[SPEAKER_04]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_04]: You know who is more grateful?
[SPEAKER_04]: Microsoft, maybe, in this case.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because they're going to give you 50-plus classic Activision games, as well as other things.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sierra, hello?
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, Sierra?
[SPEAKER_04]: through AntStream's arcade streaming.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's the new retro classics.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like I said, it's powered by AntStream.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they've got a bunch of old classic games.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, Sierra, Activision.
[SPEAKER_04]: I see some of the MechWarrior stuff in there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Some of the older, obviously, like 2600 Activision games as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Even looks like there's a PlayStation 1 game on there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Amiga, Super Nintendo, DOS.
[SPEAKER_04]: um lots of offerings 50 games so far and I think more are going to be coming later on um yeah that's really cool apparently if you have of course your uh game pass subscription so um
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's really cool to check out.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've not played any of this yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Microsoft fucking stealth released Game Room again randomly in the middle of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Kind of.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not actually Game Room.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's some very big differences.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I gotta say, I was... There's no room for the games again.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was very pleasantly surprised at this release.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know I love me some retro games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was just shocked to see that this just came back out of nowhere.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like...
[SPEAKER_06]: This... No, but this is... This is what I fucking wanted Microsoft to do when they purchased Activision.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, I was like, do you know what a rich fucking library... Activision has been around since fucking Atari days.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, they have been making, like, really... They were the good guys in the Atari days, believe it or not, because they were willing to credit developers and publishers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Remember David Crane's Pitfall?
[SPEAKER_06]: One of the, like, legendary games of all time and all that?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, this is a...
[SPEAKER_06]: This is what I wanted to see them do.
[SPEAKER_06]: So to see this really come out of nowhere was really surprising in the best possible way.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: But is it really Nowhere?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because it isn't.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's built completely on the back of something else.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that was also surprising.
[SPEAKER_06]: And also probably the most controversial take of this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what this really is, this is AntStream.
[SPEAKER_06]: You remember AntStream?
[SPEAKER_06]: AntStream was that company that launched a Kickstarter about... I want to say it was probably even before the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was a few years ago.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they were going to cloud stream classic games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that was a little bit controversial because not everybody's into the cloud streaming.
[SPEAKER_06]: But being server-side, it allows them to do some things like challenges and tournaments and competitions without fear of people necessarily hacking this.
[SPEAKER_06]: This literally the retro classics...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: that only has the games that Microsoft has the rights to through all of their acquisitions over the years, which now includes Activision.
[SPEAKER_06]: I didn't even realize that somehow included the magic stuff like Atlantis and those games from the Atari days.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sierra, which Activision acquired at some point.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, I mean, it's really leaning into some of their legacy holdings.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the most controversial part of this app is going to be it's cloud streaming.
[SPEAKER_06]: And people are going to say, eh, that sucks.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's not how I want to enjoy my retro games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I mean, streaming retro games, they're so small.
[SPEAKER_04]: I can't imagine it's actually streaming that stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just downloading to your console.
[SPEAKER_06]: It does nothing to your bandwidth.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I noticed when I was streaming, so there's a game in there that a Magic made called Cosmic Ark, which I just did a YouTube video on that when I was kind of doing my retro stuff last year before that fell off the wagon.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I did a whole video on Cosmic Ark, and so I played that because they have a challenge where...
[SPEAKER_06]: which, again, that's the part I love about this is that they have these challenges and they do things with it where they can actually have these retro competitions.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I was doing a challenge for Cosmic Arc and I was like, oh, I can tell the artifacting in this one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oof.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can see it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, you know, because it's very colorful and I was like, I mean, it's not horrible, but it's enough where I'm like, okay, for an Atari 2600 game, I can see that some pixels don't look the same color as others and it's, yeah, it's that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's see, PodCulture says, I wonder if you could use the Switch 2 controller, and I think that's in a response to QuestBuster saying, it's wild seeing Quest of Glory on a modern console, which I definitely applaud, but using a controller to navigate it had me jonesing for a keyboard and mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, and you can play it on PC as well, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really do dislike cloud streaming games, TBH.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's always on DRM 211.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I get that, and that's valid.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that's why I can't really say this is Game Room.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is AntStream, but it's Microsoft's version of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Still...
[SPEAKER_06]: Game Pass Game Pass Game Pass
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: The notification screen is completely broken.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so you go to this challenge screen, there's nothing there.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can't actually see how the challenge performed.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can tell that the code name for this game while they were developing it was Pleasantville, which I think is a clever little name if you think of the movie that came out probably 20 years ago at this point.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the movie Pleasantville, you can tell that the – because the name is still everywhere.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you take a screenshot in the client, it spits out and it's called Pleasantville and whatever the screen is.
[SPEAKER_06]: A permission screen will come up and it says Pleasantville, at least on PC.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've been playing mostly this on PC, not on a console.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there are some parts that feel a little like they're not fully... There's an achievement for tournaments, but I don't think the tournament system is in the game yet.
[SPEAKER_06]: But AntStream has tournaments, so I know how that's going to turn out, but...
[SPEAKER_06]: and somebody had asked in chat earlier if I had AntStream.
[SPEAKER_06]: I used to.
[SPEAKER_06]: I actually kickstarted it and I had it for like two or three years.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the only reason I let it lapse is that they never, no, that's how I know.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this was 2018 because they never updated the client to Xbox Series X. They did eventually like a year or two ago, but I just never got back on the bandwagon.
[SPEAKER_06]: I never picked it back up.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah, I just never got back on AntStream.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that's not a bad thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, I always thought it was kind of a neat little thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, I mean, the cloud streaming is controversial, you know, whatever.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think this is a nice little...
[SPEAKER_06]: Game Pass Game Pass Game Pass Game Pass
[SPEAKER_06]: If they actually lean into this and they do really release games every week or so from Microsoft's rich library, of which there's a lot, and maybe are able to partner up with some other people, this could be pretty fucking cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: If Sierra is a part of this...
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't wait for things like The Island of Dr. Brain and The Castle of Dr. Brain.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, where are those games?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm fucking excited.
[SPEAKER_06]: You think Leisure Shoot Larry might ever be in there?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: That might be a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know about that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They have Willie Beamish already.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Willie Beamish is in there.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's one space quest.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's one police quest.
[SPEAKER_06]: But there's no King's Quest.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know, but that's a whole separate thing that you can buy now.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkTutsu in our chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, I'm guessing Xbox felt left out on the retro stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's hard to say.
[SPEAKER_06]: But they wanted to add value, and this is... I mean, I can't complain.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was already paying for Game Pass because of these other games that I'm playing on it so this is just kind of a thing to sort of sweeten the pot SheHulk10 says they will probably come out with Xbox 360 Classics 100 games I don't know about that because a lot of those games they still sell on the marketplace if they're compatible with Xbox One and Series X but maybe especially as we start to go into the next generation of Xbox I don't think that should necessarily be off the table
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I guess, you know, because I keep saying, why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: Microsoft wants to make money off of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But at the same time, if they can make that money from Game Pass, then I wouldn't say.
[SPEAKER_06]: It'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, let's talk about what other types of games we were playing this week in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, we'll go back to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure you want to talk about pinball and more.
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it was pretty eventful.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm getting up my pictures so I can tell you what exactly I played because I took pictures of everything I played.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I started off with ABBA, It's Not Good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, that's so depressing to hear.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's my favorite band.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's my favorite.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alien, however, was right next to it and it was fucking amazing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was the Ripley edition.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was really good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um... I, um...
[SPEAKER_02]: I played... I'm trying to get to the next pictures because I took a lot of pictures of the tables I super enjoyed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I sent you a bunch, I know that.
[SPEAKER_02]: You did.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played Dungeons & Dragons The Tyrant's Eye.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was super good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Super fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really enjoyed it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played... Oh, someone had the phone booth from Bill & Ted there.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: I played Ninja Eclipse.
[SPEAKER_02]: That one was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Total Annihilation.
[SPEAKER_02]: I actually won Bellringer this year.
[SPEAKER_06]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like a kid's one where you just do one ball and you have to spin it around and get it in the center target to ring the bell.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played X-Men.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was also really good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played Heavy Metal Meltdown.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Played Baby Pac-Man.
[SPEAKER_02]: We didn't buy it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Firepower.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was so tempted when you told me that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Stranger Things.
[SPEAKER_02]: That actually is a bit much for what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Last Action Hero was broken.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was a table that Dan and I used to play a lot at the old Godfather's Pizza in Atomos.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because that's where I would drop off the deposit when I worked at GNC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, Oktoberfest.
[SPEAKER_02]: That one, I actually enjoy Oktoberfest a lot more than I did the first time I played it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course I played Foo Fighters, which is always awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played Royal Rumble, which I hadn't played that one before, and it's a lot more fun than I thought it was gonna be.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, I bought Giant Flippers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, uh, there was, uh...
[SPEAKER_02]: Hot Wheels.
[SPEAKER_02]: That one was pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Swords of Fury is always fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
[SPEAKER_02]: Whodunit, which I used to own.
[SPEAKER_02]: Iron Maiden, but the old Iron Maiden table.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not the current one.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like an old stern.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played the 007 table that's themed around different movies.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I love that table.
[SPEAKER_02]: Demolition Man.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I just played a bunch of stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, we brought Portal.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a multi-morphic of the P3, the modular tables.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, it's been in my garage for two weeks, and I got to play quite a bit of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course, all the GLaDOS lines are taken from the game, but there's a new personality core named Reggie.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who's sort of like your narrator through the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loosely based on Wheatley, but not stupid.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's like the... What's the word I'm thinking of?
[SPEAKER_02]: Concierge wants to come to mind, but that's not the word I'm thinking of.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like... I don't know, maybe...
[SPEAKER_02]: I also attended a...
[SPEAKER_02]: A little seminar about changing out units and some of the basics on the P3.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I learned that the P3 units, most of them have Twitch integration.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, really?
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can stream the video play field on your live streams.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that might become a thing down the line.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wow, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: And some of the tables like Weird Al has sort of like a...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I played, of course, played a bunch of Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played a lot with Nick yesterday because he's doing a stream for a cause right now, raising money for charity.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, shout out to our pal Nick and Prince who's doing that charity right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's going to, I think, have sleep time in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Napping is a good idea and having your friends fill in for you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, there's only so many ways you can go all weekend long, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, you have to have the help.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think he's two days in.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: But at any rate, I also played some Palia, and I played a lot of Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did the Vermeier mission last night, and of course, Captain Cardboard got axed.
[SPEAKER_02]: and not a lot of people save Ashley so that's also the other reason why I was saving her because I want to show more people that she learns she actually starts learning from her experiences and becomes a better person
[SPEAKER_06]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, anyway, that was that's pretty much it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's go over to Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just playing Minecraft as usual.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been working a lot on trying to get my next episode out, but I have a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff that I have to do as part of this latest build, which is that Legally Distinct Cracker Barrel.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I do this thing, or at least I have been doing this thing for the last few shops they've been putting together.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's kind of a social experiment.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll hide...
[SPEAKER_04]: Something for people to find.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it just keeps getting more and more elaborate as I put out more and more shops.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so now this is like the fifth time I've done this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's gotten extremely elaborate at this point.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there's a lot of like...
[SPEAKER_04]: Custom artwork and stuff I'm working on behind the scenes.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's all part of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Unfortunately, it's only the process.
[SPEAKER_04]: But they'll have fun when they figure out what it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: Other than that, I'm messing around a little bit with my Retroid Pocket Flip 2.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I've been playing... I've been meaning to sit down and start Final Fantasy VI, but I just haven't had a chance to...
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I may just have to create an identical setup on my PC as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, I'm going to try to get into that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been just playing arcade games, going through Metal Slug and the Contra arcade versions.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think I've ever played Contra in the arcade.
[SPEAKER_04]: And... What else?
[SPEAKER_04]: What do they call that?
[SPEAKER_04]: There's one I used to play on the candy cabs at Arcade Infinity all the time.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's...
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, I can't remember the name now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not Gal's Panic, but it's along those lines.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was like 3D and not safe for work, I guess.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can see the game in my head, but I don't know what it was called either.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's like Go Go Something or Let's Go Something or Let's Do This.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_04]: I can look it up, but I don't want to right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, it's...
[SPEAKER_04]: It's been a lot of fun just messing around with some of these random arcade games.
[SPEAKER_04]: I still need to fix my... And I never did get this with even when I set up MAME on my old arcade cabinet and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Using the compressed hard drives and stuff along with those hard drive images, I still haven't quite figured out how to do that properly.
[SPEAKER_04]: So none of those games that I have that have those work right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: And some of those are the ones I really want to play like Gauntlet Legends and...
[SPEAKER_04]: there's like some shmup games San Francisco Rush, California Speed like the old like late 90s early 2000s racing games and stuff like that I think would be a lot of fun to play especially San Francisco Rush all that stuff just setting that up so I'll probably have to look at those images and see when you're talking about like ROM sets and MAME and stuff it gets really complicated like you could have a completely wrong set and it doesn't work so we'll have to go back to the drawing board with some of those alright
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, then if that's it for your gaming week, I'll talk about my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_06]: But honestly, it was pretty short and simple.
[SPEAKER_06]: I played a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV, a little bit of Diablo 4, but I think I'm kind of done with Diablo 4 for this season because it's just kind of run its course for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's supposed to be a short season anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a couple cosmetics left I want to get, but I mean...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: I got some other games I got to play too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Little bit of Claire Obscure, still annoyed at the lack of a map because I did that thing where I went into a map and I was like running around.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, oh, here's an exit.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I found a door and then I ended up going out the way I came in.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_06]: Talia is great it just came out and this is this is the catalyst it just came out on PlayStation 5 and I think it's on Series X as well but yeah but I picked it well that's why when we were playing the other night let me do some of the fun stuff yeah and that was why I was like I can't talk to you because I'm on the PS5 client
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's well, I mean, I can I can type.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have to type in my controller, which is no fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, so that's that's where I started.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then that's why I got some of those gifts.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like, oh, they sent me an arcade machine, too.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I think it's because it's like a PlayStation founders pack or something.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, yeah, I mean, so if you haven't played Palia, I mean, DarkSakura streams it pretty often.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I know we've rated her after a show once, but I might be able to do some of the glitching, some of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_06]: and, you know, I was all like, oh, I've got my little log cabin.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm like, oh, it's like my little animal crossing little hut there.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then DarkSakura signed on and I was like, oh, can I add you as a friend?
[SPEAKER_06]: And DarkSakura said, yes, and come to my house.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have four of them.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like, oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I go, oh my god, palace, palace, palace.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was like, Jesus Christ, how many trees have you chopped down to get this?
[SPEAKER_06]: But no, I was impressed.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was like, dang.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, because I've watched you stream Palia before, but obviously a lot of it like went over my head.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now I'm like, now like kind of seeing it firsthand, I was like, dang.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dang.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: No, you just get a wider range with your water.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I mean, overall though, I mean, it's a very...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's very relaxing.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a very... Well, Loki plays the shit out of Minecraft, and at its core, this game is not that much different from Minecraft, except you're not deconstructing and constructing in the same way, but it's still the same concepts of mine things and shoot cute little animals to cook them.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it's a lot of the same fucking concepts.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you have to get the material to build it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Or No Man's Sky, in a way.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is just No Man's Sky, not in space.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, you know, this is a whole genre.
[SPEAKER_06]: The crafting and gathering genre in games is bigger and bigger.
[SPEAKER_06]: And a lot of you have probably played some type of game that fell in this genre somewhere.
[SPEAKER_06]: But considering it's a free-to-play game, and I haven't felt the pressure to monetize yet, I don't know if that gets worse later on, but I haven't felt pressure to monetize
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Literally not.
[SPEAKER_02]: The only thing I did is I joined the Zeki Club.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because you get points that you can use to redeem for stuff later on.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's, I think, fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not a very big investment, and it's pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: Go to our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fifth Dream says that cozy Fantasy Life game you mentioned here really recently apparently took off.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, I heard about that too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently Fantasy Life, the one that just came out like last week, already sold half a million copies.
[SPEAKER_06]: Pretty impressive.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I do want to get that game, but I'm kind of like, oh, we're like, what, two weeks from the Nintendo Switch 2?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: and then fall down the Switch 2 hole for a little while then maybe I'll come back when Fantasy Life goes on sale for like $40-$50 and I'll get up on that and I know that's not nice to the developers to just wait for games to go on sale but that's the reality of the $70 and $80 game
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just going to keep it real.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, yes, of course I want to support developers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Of course I want to be a consumer.
[SPEAKER_06]: And when I sit here and talk about layoffs suck and stuff, I want to still support developers wherever I can.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the reality is I have to pick and choose what I drop 70 bucks on.
[SPEAKER_06]: And when there's a free game over here that's like, come play me for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: Paglia, that's very similar in some ways to Fantasy Life.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's easy for me to say, oh, I'm going to go play with that one for a little while.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I'll come back and do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ranmari68k in chat says, to be fair to you, Rob, the problem is that for the $70 to $80 games, a lot of the money ends up going to the CEO's pockets instead.
[SPEAKER_06]: I believe as the kids say today, period.
[SPEAKER_06]: Period.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, that's it for my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get into some more gaming news.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki, we'll start with you.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, we knew this was coming right after we even talked about it last week with the whole AI, Fortnite, Darth Vader thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: Didn't I say something similar?
[SPEAKER_06]: It didn't quite turn out the way I said it, but still, a little bit.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so it's not...
[SPEAKER_04]: So SAG-AFTRA, you know, filed an unfair labor practice charge against Epic Games and Llama Productions.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is not because they used the AI, it's because of how they went about the process of using the AI, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it says, we celebrate the right of our members and their states to control the use of their digital replicas and welcome the use of new technologies to allow new generations to share in the enjoyment of those legacies and renowned roles.
[SPEAKER_04]: However, we must protect our right to bargain terms and conditions around the use of voice that replace the work of our members, including those who previously did work of matching Darth Vader's iconic rhythm and tone in video games.
[SPEAKER_04]: that basically they said that Epic and Llama Productions chose to replace the work of human performers with AI and did so without providing any notice of their intent to do this without allowing unions to bargain over fair terms.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is an interesting angle.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's one of those things where I didn't think of it last week because I said that this was just giving the Darth Vader using all the slurs in Fortnite games.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's just giving SAG-AFTRA the ammunition to revoke the James Earl Jones permission things and reevaluate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I didn't think, oh, by them doing this in the first place –
[SPEAKER_06]: Technically, they're violating union agreements because, and I just want to reiterate what you said, they're allowing AI to do a job that should have gone to a Darth Vader successor, basically.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know how when voice actors pass away or decide to move on?
[SPEAKER_06]: Charles Martinet, for example.
[SPEAKER_06]: He didn't pass away.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank God we still have him among us.
[SPEAKER_06]: But he retired, whether it was his choice or not.
[SPEAKER_06]: He retired from that.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now we have a successor, Mario, that was invited to do that.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what's supposed to happen in these union things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except, I will point out one thing, James Earl Jones himself gave the permission.
[SPEAKER_06]: He did, but that doesn't change the union.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because the union says you're letting AI do the job of somebody else that could do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a union agreement thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: We were talking a little bit about this last week, but yeah, I'm aware James Earl Jones Estate has the permission and all that, but I wonder what they're going to think when they see those TikToks of him using slurs, which they were able to do within 10 minutes of that feature going live.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wonder if they're still going to feel that way.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, and last week, I know you weren't here, Jim, but last week I had said that's going to show up in court.
[SPEAKER_06]: SAG-AFTRA is going to take that footage, take it to a courtroom and say this should be revoked.
[SPEAKER_06]: James Earl Jones, his estate, never would have agreed to this if they saw this is what was going to become of it and fight it that way.
[SPEAKER_06]: I thought that's what was going to happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: The managers of his estate, how they weighed in on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, and I wouldn't necessarily say that this is going to be like, they're going to stop stuff from happening because of this instance.
[SPEAKER_04]: However, to go back to what Rob said before, yes, absolutely, this is going to be used in any sort of negotiation down the road where they're like, yeah, well, you know, we'll tastefully use your voice and be like...
[SPEAKER_04]: James Earl Jones, classic, classic actor, iconic voice, and you have him saying slurs and shit.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, clearly that type of, you know...
[SPEAKER_04]: care and you know emphasis on trying to make it realistic and family friendly within Fortnite you are cutting so many corners you might as well have just a god damn circle there because this is certainly not what the estate of the Jones estate would be like yeah we're cool with that you know James used to throw the slurs around all the time like I'm sorry no nor is Disney going to be excited about this
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, this is what I was going back to about the about the estate and their statements and then the permission granted is because I wanted.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm glad that this is out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want it to be an example.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think I want this to be a very big example.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm going to say that my opinion, because I'm going to say something very strong, so I'm going to very clearly say this is my opinion.
[SPEAKER_06]: My opinion is that James Earl Jones' estate was presented this agreement under false pretenses.
[SPEAKER_06]: That they were told about it's the movies and it's going to keep his legacy alive in the films and allow his performance to be experienced by new generations.
[SPEAKER_06]: And this part was never explained.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my opinion.
[SPEAKER_06]: that this part was never explained and now here we are.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's like, oh, we could do all this other dirty shit too now that we have the sign on the dotted line.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's my opinion is that they agreed to this under false pretenses and now we're seeing the side effect of that.
[SPEAKER_06]: and what else was I going to say with the whole oh a reminder again SAG-AFTRA is still striking with video game companies who won't fucking agree to the terms and AI continues to be a sticking point and this should end that argument from the game companies the actors have every right to protect themselves from this so just a reminder
[SPEAKER_06]: SAG-AFTRA is still striking.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, let's move on to more stories, shall we?
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's talk about something.
[SPEAKER_06]: This might be a little bit positive.
[SPEAKER_06]: We like to see games go multi-platform and probably not a huge surprise to hear that Microsoft is looking at porting more of their games and it'll be to the Nintendo Switch 2, which is out pretty soon.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is apparently a little leak that came out courtesy of The Verge and Tom Warren in talking with an article about Microsoft and some of the ports.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently, Hellblade 2 Senua's Saga is currently on the list of games that are going to be ported to the Nintendo Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's coming out for the PlayStation 5, as we know, but apparently there's a number of games that are going to be worked on for the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: We don't know exactly what games yet, but I'd like...
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello, Sea of Thieves seems so obvious.
[SPEAKER_06]: Haven't they already announced that one?
[SPEAKER_04]: Sea of Thieves is already on the Switch, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, yeah, then it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's some games that are just so obvious, but how cool would it be?
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, okay, so hear me out, folks.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's been a lot of people that are like, Nintendo Switch needs to have a Game Pass app that would let you play Game Pass games on your Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: What if... I don't think y'all are right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think it happens that way.
[SPEAKER_06]: But what about the Retro Classics app now?
[SPEAKER_06]: What about AntStream?
[SPEAKER_06]: And what about maybe that being the reason why this needed to come out now, two weeks before the Switch 2 comes out?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because maybe... Maybe Microsoft is going to put specifically the Retro Classics app on the Switch 2...
[SPEAKER_06]: Granted, you'll be tied to cloud-based services, so don't get too excited.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're not going to be able to take those games truly portable.
[SPEAKER_06]: It'll require an internet connection, but you could still log in and play those, you know, sitting on your couch or in your bed or whatever around your house on a portable device.
[SPEAKER_06]: I could see that happening.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, at that point, they might as well just do like an Activision Classic Collection or something like that and just sell it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sure, it's a possibility.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, just...
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anything's possible if you think about it, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'd be curious to see what develops with that.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, just stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, Nintendo, as we know, had been absent from the last Gamescom.
[SPEAKER_02]: They made an announcement that they will be there in Germany.
[SPEAKER_02]: They did a post on their German language social media account that said that they will be on the show floor.
[SPEAKER_02]: um there's a chance there might be a switch to direct who knows but there's also stuff about Metroid Prime 4 Beyond there could be Pokemon Legends so we don't know yeah
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, it makes sense that they're going to do Gamescom because they have more to show now.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like last year, you know, the Switch was kind of ramping down and now with the Switch 2 ramping up, it makes sense they want to get that in people's hands on the show floor and, you know, get more hype going for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I can't say I'm surprised to hear this.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's nice to see them back, but I would like to see them do a Nintendo Direct.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think we all would to really hear what the plan is through the holiday and all that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But whether that's Gamecom or, you know, Keeley vs. Summer Game Fest, but those...
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, no, because Gamescom's going to be a little later, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Gamescom says we're August.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it could happen to either one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Nintendo does make at least one big announcement at Summer Game Fest.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if it's as big as their holiday game, but I think they're going to announce something, something.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that's an easy prediction to make.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nintendo announces something for Switch 2 at Keeley Fest because they've done it before.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, August is Gamescom, so we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: August, I mean, with the recent timetable of Nintendo kind of announcing things just a couple months before they come out, August does seem to be a more likely timeframe for them to announce something for the holiday, but August would also be a great time for them to maybe start pushing something a little harder like Metroid Prime 4, now that Mario Kart World will be two months old at that point, and the Donkey Kong game will be out as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gamescom allows them to set the stage for the other upcoming games, so we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, moving on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wow, SJ100 Matt says Summer Game Fest is June 6th.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the same day as the Switch 2 release.
[SPEAKER_04]: I did not realize it was the same day.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's the day after Switch 2 releases the 5th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, I thought it was the 6th for some reason.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, but still interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're being weird doing it on Thursday.
[SPEAKER_06]: They're right on top of each other.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's still interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is definitely a story that's raising eyebrows, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I mean, it's funny because, like, you know, there was a very famous instance of AI artwork in Call of Duty Zombies.
[SPEAKER_04]: And, you know, they insisted, no, no, no, no, it's real art.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then it came out that it was AI art.
[SPEAKER_04]: But now, Dark Outlaw Games, which is a PlayStation studio run by Jason Blundall, who was...
[SPEAKER_04]: basically known for developing the Call of Duty Black Ops zombie mode is now they're listing for a senior concept artist to join their LA studio and says they're reporting to their art director.
[SPEAKER_04]: The ideal candidate is proactive with strong skills in digital illustration, 3D modeling, character design, graphic design, experience with generative AI tools, and passion about making games.
[SPEAKER_04]: They also require advanced expertise in using generative AI tools such as Stable Diffusion, Midjourney, ChatGPT, and similar platforms, as well as refining and polishing 2D artwork created by both human artists and generative AI tools.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yes, they are using generative AI tools in the sense to, it sounds like, replace concept artists or at least, you know, get a start on concept art stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's gross, but it's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apologies for the error in the sidebar.
[SPEAKER_06]: It should say Call of Duty former dev speaking AI specialist.
[SPEAKER_06]: But anyway, still knowing that this is coming to – it's not like this is the last time we're going to see something like this, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's still a studio that's run by Sony.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, it's not Call of Duty dev in the sense that they're working on Call of Duty right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, I mean, you're going to see a lot of this in, I think, studios using AI.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's depending on how much, how apparent that is in the final product.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because if it's being used to replace, like,
[SPEAKER_04]: AI is not a replacement.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is a tool.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what this should be.
[SPEAKER_06]: AI should not be replacing art.
[SPEAKER_06]: AI can sometimes be a tool with art.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's weird though.
[SPEAKER_06]: They call all this shit AI now that isn't necessarily AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: Large language models.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I will admit I was working on a graphic the other day and I was using Adobe – what's their –
[SPEAKER_06]: AIR is very cringe.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, it's getting better, always, but, like, have you seen, like, the Google's VO3 stuff?
[SPEAKER_04]: Where it's generating, like, video, and they have, like, now the actors can dialogue, or have dialogue with each other.
[SPEAKER_04]: That stuff is wild.
[SPEAKER_04]: They traded on YouTube videos and TV, and so they're like, oh, look, we can replace YouTubers with AI-generated crap.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's not good, but it's very convincing, certainly if you're not paying attention.
[SPEAKER_04]: And certainly there's a large swath of the population that aren't paying attention.
[SPEAKER_06]: Say it, say it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Say it.
[SPEAKER_06]: There is a large swath of population too stupid to critically think and will buy this shit at face value.
[SPEAKER_06]: There are a lot of people out there uneducated on how to spot AI and this will absolutely be weaponized.
[SPEAKER_06]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_06]: They already are trying to do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: and I've been doing it this this shit needs to come to a legal head like that like how the fact that it's training off of all of YouTube or whatever did they get permission from YouTubers to do it no I'm sure they snuck it into the agreement or whatever for you to be using YouTube you have to allow it but right now you have to opt out
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: That is the equivalent, I feel, of that posting on Facebook.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't give you permission to steal my data.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's absolutely useless.
[SPEAKER_06]: You bring up an excellent point.
[SPEAKER_06]: People are stupid enough to think that does anything.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a lot of people, probably in your family, that think that that's going to do something.
[SPEAKER_06]: Aren't you a little worried what they're going to believe in these videos?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just that generation, too, I think, because...
[SPEAKER_04]: Think back.
[SPEAKER_04]: Even way before the AI stuff and way before social media, what was it that we would get?
[SPEAKER_04]: You would get Grandpa forwarding you those email forwards saying, you got to type this in here and then Bill Gates will send you a million dollars or something like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Forward it to five of your friends.
[SPEAKER_04]: That bullshit was around back in the late 90s and shit when the internet was first...
[SPEAKER_04]: becoming publicly available to everything so it's only gonna get worse from here in the sense of like using it to manipulate the masses into believing stuff or the case of showing a real video and going no that's AI I didn't I didn't do that that's AI someone generated that with AI and you'd be like well I can't tell because AI does look realistic so I don't know
[SPEAKER_04]: Possible deniability.
[SPEAKER_06]: All I have to say is that this AI stuff, it's just... Okay, let me tell this one quick story, then we'll move on to the next thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So my understanding is there's an app out there called Grindr, and either you know what that is or you don't, okay?
[SPEAKER_06]: But there is an app out there called Grindr, and now that app, as I understand, when you log into that app, it will actually ask you for permissions to use AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: For what?
[SPEAKER_06]: For what does that app, that app, need AI for?
[SPEAKER_06]: And I guess it wants to train off, to make fake people to play into, I mean, let me tell you, my understanding is there's plenty of fake people already on Grindr.
[SPEAKER_04]: and all the other dating apps.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what, I mean, when Grindr is asking permission to use AI, I think we all need to sit here and ask ourselves, what have we done?
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's move on to our next story.
[SPEAKER_02]: Please.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's talk about Konami.
[SPEAKER_06]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_06]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: Previously, this was Konami Amusements, but that was also Pachinko.
[SPEAKER_06]: So the Pachinko and the arcade halves have divided.
[SPEAKER_06]: So yeah, that's all going to be changing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Konami Arcade Games will be established June 2nd and become effective as of October 1st.
[SPEAKER_06]: Konami Arcade Games will assume all assets, contracts, excuse me, liabilities and other obligations related to the arcade game business of Konami Amusements.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yoshitaka Nishimura, who is composer in several Bamani rhythm games.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is that the Taka Yoshitaka?
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, well, he's the composer of several Konami beat mini rhythm games as its representative director and president.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: So.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess if you're a Konami music game fan, which we still are at heart.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, it's DJ Yoshitaka says Ranmari68 is the actual musician there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's really cool.
All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll say that that's a very...
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Sega has, of course, been introducing the Shinobi Art of Vengeance, and they say that if it does well, and this is from an interview with Sega's content production department, sorry, with the head, I think, Shimomura Kagase, who
[SPEAKER_02]: to talk about... I just completely lost my train of thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're saying that if this does well, that they are planning on reviving the Shinobi license.
[SPEAKER_02]: They say that if... Sorry, the franchise.
[SPEAKER_02]: They say that they could experience a sustained revival that sees it retake a place of prominence among Sega's IPs.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a quote.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: Another thing it says is that we do think that IPs are supposed to evolve and expand and we really do feel strongly about our Shinobi IP and want to take care of it and nurture it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe there might be a vengeance too somewhere along the road.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is obviously nothing that's planned right now but it really depends on how we can nurture the IP in the future now the IP is going to grow.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we definitely do want to grow it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: It looks good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was thinking of grabbing the limited run.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I might want to check that out too.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, my backlog just grows and grows, but I do have a soft spot in my heart for Shinobi.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's move on to another game I'm excited about, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yep, Mario Kart World, just right around the corner.
[SPEAKER_04]: And of course, it's fun hearing about these...
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I wondered why there was never a Mario Kart game on Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because Mario Kart 8 was a Wii U game that was ported.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I wondered why there never was one, but this kind of answers it.
[SPEAKER_06]: There was supposed to be.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that's why this one is coming out so soon, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a launch game for Switch 2, which kind of all adds up now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so when we were developing for the Switch system, it became difficult to incorporate everything we wanted, so we were always conscious of what we were giving up in return.
[SPEAKER_04]: We discussed things like toning down the visuals, lowering the resolution, we even considered dropping the frame rate to 30 FPS in some cases.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was a tough situation.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I can give that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Free, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: God, because it needs it.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm really excited.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wish Pokemon Legends was getting that too, but at least there's a new Pokemon Legends game to look forward to later in the year.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm just excited to revisit old Switch shit that's being up-dued for the Switch too, because yeah, it's going to be great.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's move on and talk about another part of the Switch 2, which, you know, one of the things that excites me a little bit is the mouse support.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I talked about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: I kind of think this is kind of one of those secret killer features of Switch 2 is that it's going to allow this control control scheme that brings us the best of keyboard and controller and the excuse me, keyboard and mouse support.
[SPEAKER_06]: and the best of controller into a mouse and controller.
[SPEAKER_06]: I guess there's no keyboard and controller setup, but a mouse and controller type of setup, which I think is pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some Switch 2 games, it's being reported, will allow you to plug in a USB mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you don't even have to use the Joy-Con turned on its side if you're worried that that's not going to be responsive or good enough.
[SPEAKER_06]: Apparently, some Switch 2 games, you can just plug a USB mouse in.
[SPEAKER_06]: So apparently this was something that was being spotted around social media.
[SPEAKER_06]: Koei Tecmo put up an official gameplay stream of Nobunaga's Ambition Awakening CE running on the Switch 2 and the producer Michiru into the demo actually took out a USB mouse and started playing the game with the USB mouse.
[SPEAKER_06]: So this, that's great.
[SPEAKER_06]: I hope it works with the Bluetooth mouse too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wouldn't that be something?
[SPEAKER_06]: But this is going to be like a game changer for something like Civ 7.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like that, this is how I want to play Civ 7.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is how I want to play Metroid Prime.
100%.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really hope Nintendo is embracing this for Metroid Prime 4.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have no doubt the Joy-Con thing will be it, but man, if they let you use a USB or even a Bluetooth mouse, like, I think it's a real significant game changer.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, QuestBusterChat says mouse users rise up.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even something like Palia will be great because you can.
[SPEAKER_02]: It does have mouse support, I think.
[SPEAKER_06]: Even on consoles?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think so, I don't know
[SPEAKER_06]: If it would work with a USB trackball, for those that prefer a trackball.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't see why not.
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't a lot of systems sort of treat them as Mises?
[SPEAKER_06]: I think?
[SPEAKER_06]: Be interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: S. Jonah and Matt says, though, to be clear, the Switch one did have some mouse and keyboard support, but not a ton of things supported.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I mean, and to be fair, on the PlayStation 4, you can play, like, Final Fantasy XIV will take a keyboard and mouse, and you can play that control and all that, but it's not very well advertised.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not in a lot of games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, you know, they have to go out of their way to support it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Xboxes support it in very few games, all things considered.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, well, let's go back to a simpler time.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I was going to say a time before mouses and all that took over the world.
[SPEAKER_06]: But that wouldn't be true for this pick because a classic game is 10 years older or more.
[SPEAKER_06]: And well, we're going to run the bumper and then DarkSakura is going to tell you what she picked for this week.
[SPEAKER_01]: and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, y'all.
[SPEAKER_06]: Are you ready to feel old?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because this week's pick is going to do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, what is our 10 years old or more classic game of the week this week?
[SPEAKER_02]: Splatoon.
[SPEAKER_02]: yes, Splatoon is pretty much dead on 10 years old the game came out in 2015 on the Wii U it is a third person shooter game where you play as beings called Inklings that are cephalopodic lifeforms that can go between cephalopod forms and humanoid forms and they get into big turf wars with colors so yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was developed by Nintendo Entertainment's Analysis and Development Division, and it started with an idea of a competitive multiplayer ink-based territory control game, and then they expanded into squids and swimming through the ink.
[SPEAKER_02]: The concept was created by their lead programmer, Sato Shintaro, who had worked previously on Animal Crossing.
[SPEAKER_02]: and the team was mostly younger Nintendo employees compared to most of their other staff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so the game spawned a whole series.
[SPEAKER_02]: So
[SPEAKER_02]: Going back into this, so your team has a color and you have to pretty much cover the other color and then shoot the other people?
[SPEAKER_02]: your own ink makes it faster for you to go through but enemy ink is slower to walk through in humanoid form and you cannot swim through it as a squid and it can actually hurt you so you try to use your ink to splat your opponents which will send them back to their starting point
[SPEAKER_02]: um and so in all of the modes except for the two-player mode you can use your Wii U gamepad to view a map of your surroundings and launch towards the locations of another teammate and you can use gyroscopic controls to assist in aiming
[SPEAKER_02]: and um so you go into your match with your primary ink weapon and uh you can get a secondary weapon like ink balloons and sprinklers and disruptive fields and you basically just keep going in and covering it up um the game does uh support the Splatoon amiibo which each of them will unlock different missions and extra equipment and clothes in a bonus mini game and uh
[SPEAKER_02]: more ways to make money and you had the ability to make posts to the game's Miiverse community and you would see those as graffiti on buildings in the game there was multiplayer which was a regular and ranked game four different rule sets you had Turf War, Splat Zones, Tower Control and Rainmaker which was Capture the Flag style
[SPEAKER_02]: On April 8th, 2024, online multiplayer was discontinued because of the shutdown of all online services for Wii U games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Battle Dojo local multiplayer mode, you can do like balloon popping.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can use a Wii U Pro Controller or Wii Classic Controller or the Wii U GamePad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even...
[SPEAKER_02]: A controller in Wii Remote could do it as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then there were the Splatfests, which was like a big multiplayer game where you could choose between one of two teams and earn points and goodies and things like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there was the campaign mode.
[SPEAKER_02]: Octo Valley is the single player campaign mode.
[SPEAKER_02]: and you are recruited by a veteran and the leader of Squidbeak's platoon, Captain Cuttlefish, to rescue the great Zapfish.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, as for development, in mid-2013, one of the members of the Animal Crossing developed teams, which is Sato Shintaro, created a 4v4 ink-based territory control game in this big featureless arena and management liked the prototypes.
[SPEAKER_02]: They approved it being made into a full game and the team just kept going into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: and it even you know it had so many ideas that developers were having some trouble filtering it down to be simple and fun that's from Miyamoto saying that there was no appeal to the game in that state and so they they kept narrowing it down and working on things and finally just got something simple that would work.
[SPEAKER_02]: so as far as when it was released there was a time-limited multiplayer demo known as Global Testfire held on May 8th and 9th 2015 and one two-hour block on May 23rd 2015
[SPEAKER_02]: on May 15th on the Santa Monica Pier.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo held a special event called the Splatoon Mess Fest with celebrities in an obstacle course inspired by the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You could play a demo at the event.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there was a collaboration with Anbei Masahiro's Squid Girl Manga and including in-game costumes.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were different
[SPEAKER_02]: Outfits available in the Nintendo 3DS title Girls Mode 3, Kira Kira, Starcode And there was Splatoon Frozen Yogurt in Canada at Yogurty All kinds of stuff Nintendo UK worked with a journal in Alley Skate Park to decorate in decals And there was fan art, Miiverse and Twitter All kinds of stuff
[SPEAKER_02]: and so the Wii U Deluxe set was bundled with Flat Tune in North America at Best Buy.
[SPEAKER_02]: You got a coupon for a digital copy in Australia, Europe and New Zealand on a physical disc.
[SPEAKER_02]: You had the Amiibo released alongside the game which was Boy and Girl Inkling and then there were two in-game pop idols, Callie and Marie known as the Squid Sisters.
[SPEAKER_02]: They had Amiibo.
[SPEAKER_02]: You could use the
[SPEAKER_02]: If you pre-ordered the game at GameStop, you got a download voucher for a Splatoon-themed Mii costume to use in Super Smash Bros.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I mean, just all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, lots of stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: They really, really, really promoted it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so to skip past a lot of that, going into the...
[SPEAKER_02]: well actually there was that thing about online play in 2023 that there was a vulnerability with that Mario Kart 8 and then they fixed it and resumed everything and then they ended the services for Wii U so moving forward it was very well received people were surprised that Nintendo was doing a shooter IP but they thought it was unique and fun
[SPEAKER_02]: It got an 81 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 88 reviews.
[SPEAKER_02]: GamesRadar gave it a 3.5 out of 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: Destructoid gave it an 8.5 and they said that there were some shortcomings but they could be overlooked because of quote, how damn fun the game is, end quote.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that's the important part.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of people really enjoyed that sort of 90s cartoon aesthetic.
[SPEAKER_02]: It even gave it some comparisons to Jess at Radio and Da Blob.
[SPEAKER_02]: and it was great that it was ink based and not all bloody and gross Splatoon debuted at number 2 in the UK software sales chart only behind Witcher 3 Wild Hunt it was Nintendo's sorry it was the 5th fastest selling Wii U title and fastest selling new IP on the console and it beat the previous record set by Ubisoft's Zombie U
[SPEAKER_02]: It debuted at the top of Japanese software sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: In the US, there were 165,000 combined physical and downloaded copies sold in May 2015.
[SPEAKER_02]: It really has just been one of the big ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was then announced in May 2016 that Splatoon was the most successful new home console IP in Japan since Wii Sports.
[SPEAKER_02]: and the soundtrack actually even debuted at number two on Billboard Japan's Hot Albums chart and number 46 on the chart's 2015 year-end list.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's won games, the British Academy Children's Awards, Best Nintendo Game for the 33rd Golden Joystick Award, Best Multiplayer, Best Shooter for the Game Awards,
[SPEAKER_02]: most promising new intellectual property for the South by Southwest Gaming Awards and Japan Game Awards winning game of the year
[SPEAKER_02]: There has been the Art of Splatoon book release, Toy Water Guns based off of the Ink Guns, Virtual Concerts with the Squid Sisters They were there as holograms on the Tokaigi 2016 Makuhari Mess in January and then at Japan Expo
[SPEAKER_02]: and Nico Nico Cho Party in November.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's manga written and illustrated by Hinodeya Sankichi that's been serialized in Besetsu Kodokoro Comic and actually it's even been re-released in English by Viz Media.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kodokoro Comic gave free access to the entire series from 11th of Tain from June 22nd to July 13th, 2018.
[SPEAKER_02]: and there you go, Splatoon.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, there's your, I can't believe this is 10 years old, pick of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Looking at some comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, I saw some comments earlier on that were kind of talking about how a future Splatoon, yeah, Dr. Zia says, if they fix those issues for a Splatoon 4 and implemented the mouse controls, I might be convinced to dive back in.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ooh, this is a very appropriately timed pick for
[SPEAKER_06]: After that story about Nintendo Mouse, because yeah, getting mouse control in this game, holy shit, that would be a game changer for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would love to play it.
[SPEAKER_06]: NSJ100, Matt had mentioned the Splatfests were fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: While it was just a silly social media thing, it was pretty smart and got folks coming back to it for the polls.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, back when Twitter was fun, you know, 10 years ago, and there was those Splatfests, but I will say-
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, Ranmari68k says, if Mayo wins, I'll throw my switch in a lake.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_06]: That catch-up Mayo fight, that made me physically ill.
[SPEAKER_02]: Catch-up is gross.
[SPEAKER_06]: But y'all know how I feel about mayonnaise.
[SPEAKER_06]: It made me physically ill to see those matches, so I couldn't do it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I did appreciate how fun those things were.
[SPEAKER_04]: Final Fantasy Online or something like that, I sort of remember some sort of team-based thing or something.
[SPEAKER_06]: Final Fantasy Online?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, was that a thing?
[SPEAKER_06]: They did the... There was their version of Monster Hunter that was... I can't remember the name of that game, but it was a DS game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Final Fantasy Explorers, maybe, was what it was called.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I just thought that they did something where you had to achieve a certain thing and they had different teams based off of your...
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe I'm thinking of the factions and how you had the different factions and you competed.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got perks if you did that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, well let's move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: We got some other news to cover here, so let's get into some rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Great, another movie announcement.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, The Elden Ring is being adapted for a movie, and this is going to be coming through A24.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they announced that they're working with Alex Garland, who did Civil War and Ex Machina.
[SPEAKER_04]: And yeah, good lord, I have no idea when or what this will even be.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, name in it too that I think the movie will be well received.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yet again, you know, video game conversions are all the rage right now.
[SPEAKER_06]: I believe Last of Us finale for season two is tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, there's a lot going on with video game properties.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I can't say I'm shocked to hear Elden Ring is becoming a movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was gonna mention really quick, this is kind of a little bit of a last minute story type thing, but confusing, to say the least.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, Michael Bay has, of course, is allegedly, of course, tied to the Skibbity Toilet movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, I heard this too.
[SPEAKER_04]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: No, hold on, hold on.
[SPEAKER_04]: This doesn't make any sense when you think about it, okay?
[SPEAKER_04]: So, he released a reel today saying, Hey, you guys, you've been saying that, you know, I'm involved or directing the Skibbity Toilet movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm doing no such thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Mind you, his previous two reels were teasers for the Skibbity Toilet movie, so...
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know!
[SPEAKER_04]: You are saying one thing, but then also saying another thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't believe you, sir.
[SPEAKER_04]: I believe that you are working on it, but you're not directing it.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, he is not directing it.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's probably playing another role with it, but you don't put a teaser out for the movie, or a piece of artwork for the movie, and then the next day go, what are you guys talking about?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not...
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's going to be amazing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want it to tank.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's going to be so bad.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't wait.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want it to fail so hard.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, let's go on to our next story, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm also going to counteract what PodCulture said real quick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Misery shared is halved.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, it's doubled.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, I keep hitting my sound thing on my stream deck by accident, so I keep hearing the Cisco hold music at different intervals, and it's very distracting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, Game Boy stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: How about for Nintendo Switch Game Boy stuff?
[SPEAKER_02]: They are adding Gradius, Interstellar Assault, Kirby Star Stacker, Survival Kids, and The Sword of Hope.
[SPEAKER_02]: How's that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: You are... I mean, the Gradius game is... It's an interesting Gradius game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have a dual-scrolling battlefield and 3D effects and blah blah, all the stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kirby Star Stacker is a puzzle game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You do have a versus mode.
[SPEAKER_02]: Survival Kids is, I mean, you have to create tools and hunt and, you know, very Lord of the Flies.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then sort of Hope, where it's an RPG.
[SPEAKER_02]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: Speed up!
[SPEAKER_06]: uh anyway but I would I would say that Sword of Hope nothing like Secret of Mana even though they tried to jack the box art like looking things so but um sure it's it's an interesting don't be fooled it's an interesting relic of its era we'll leave it at that it's more of a wizardry inspired inspired game from the looks of it so
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: But if you aren't a player of that game, you can celebrate classic Nintendo in another way.
[SPEAKER_06]: There are Switch user profile icons available until the 27th of May, so you know how much time left.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's the first wave of icons where you can make yourself a classic NES controller or a Famicom controller or an Nintendo 64 controller.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then through the coming weeks, you can do other interesting controllers.
[SPEAKER_06]: But a lot of folks have noticed that Wave 3...
[SPEAKER_06]: that starts June 3rd through June 10th offers a Famicom, a Super Famicom, a GameCube, and a Nintendo Super Nintendo mouse is in there too.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's like, since when is the Switch to acknowledge the mouse?
[SPEAKER_06]: And it leads a lot of people to infer some things, but still, the user icons are cute if that's something you want to get in on.
[SPEAKER_06]: So check that out.
[SPEAKER_06]: Meanwhile, let's check out what's coming out this week in world release dates.
[SPEAKER_06]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, so coming out in the US, we've got Desperate Drops on PC, Odd Sparks and Automation Adventure coming out of Early Access on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, RoboQuest on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, we have Pipistrello and the Cursed Yo-Yo on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Tuati on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: I really want to play that one.
[SPEAKER_04]: We have...
[SPEAKER_04]: Koneiru Dimension Girl on PC and Nintendo Switch Fuga Melodies of Steel 3 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Scarlead Salvation on PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5 Shikondo Yokai Rampage on Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_06]: Spreepaint Simulator
[SPEAKER_04]: Spray Paint Simulator on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Steam Hearts and Advanced Variable Geo Saturn Tribute PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, and PS5 Actually, that might be for Japan
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll have to wait a little longer to get that one.
[SPEAKER_04]: Disney Illusion Island on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Elden Ring Night Rain on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Eternal Evil on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: F-125 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: And last but not least, Hyper Charge Unboxed on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: The Fuga Melodies of Steel is also getting a 2 and a 3 all out this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can get a Trilogy Steelbox if you'd like as well all out on the 29th.
[SPEAKER_06]: Shikihondo Yokai Rampage in a regular and limited edition also out on the Switch this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sonohi no Kemono Niwa is also out in a regular and limited edition this week and Steam Hearts and Advanced Variable Geo Saturn Tribute which Loki was mentioning a minute ago and DarkSakura was celebrating is also out in a regular and you guessed it
[SPEAKER_06]: Special Edition, that's coming out.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is the sexy sci-fi vertical scrolling shooter all over again.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh boy, can't wait to play that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's see, and what else is out this week?
[SPEAKER_06]: Stafford Case, a supernatural mystery adventure also out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gloom and Doom also releasing on the Switch this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Legos latest entry in a young adult book series I don't like to talk about is also out this week on the 29th Lunark is also out this week on the 29th and Shadow Corridor 2 also out that's just the fucking switch let's see which of those games are coming out on the PlayStation 5
[SPEAKER_06]: probably less, but we do have Sonic Wings Reunion is out on PlayStation 5 as well as Scar Led Salvation, the Steam Heart and Advanced Variable Geo Saturn Tribute, Gloom and Doom also out along with New Ark and that Lego game are all out on PlayStation 5 this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: How about the UK, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, some stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have Cosme, Forbidden Forest for PC, PS5, and Switch on the 27th.
[SPEAKER_02]: On the 28th, Tuati for PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Puga, Memories of Steel 3 on the 29th for PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Elden Ring, Night Rain, PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: Scarlet, Salvation, PC, PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sonic Wings, Reunion, PS4, PS5, PC, Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: On the 30th, Lost Souls Aside, PS5, PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: My Father Lied for PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Rune Factory, Guardians of Azuma for Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: Busy week around the world this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And in just two weeks, less than two weeks, we got a brand new console coming out.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it must be summer.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, we have one more.
[SPEAKER_06]: Speaking of that new console, we have one more story for you here.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then we're going to get to the listener roundtable where we have one email tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we'll go to Loki first.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, Randy Pitchford, once again, opening his mouth and putting his foot inside.
[SPEAKER_04]: He loves to do that.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's really in touch with the fans thing when it comes to games.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, of course, it's been asked of Randy Pitchford, hey, is Borderlands 4 going to be one of those $80 games when it comes out?
[SPEAKER_04]: And to which, you know, the response was, you know, one, it's not my call.
[SPEAKER_04]: But if you're a real fan, you'll find a way to make it happen.
[SPEAKER_06]: The most non-answer telling answer ever.
[SPEAKER_04]: My local store had Starflight for Sega Genesis for $80 in 1991 while I was just out of high school working a minimum wage and ice cream parlor in Pismo Beach.
[SPEAKER_06]: He fell right into that fucking trap.
[SPEAKER_04]: Once again, I feel like it goes without saying, and I'm sure you all know it, but I'm going to say it anyways just in case if for some reason you're like, hey, he's got a point there.
[SPEAKER_04]: A game that came out for the Sega Genesis was a complete game.
[SPEAKER_04]: There were no more parts of that game that you would be charged for later on down the road.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was the game that you got.
[SPEAKER_04]: You paid for it and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Also, they had rental to go in.
[SPEAKER_04]: Rental as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's rental price games as well at some point.
[SPEAKER_04]: But...
[SPEAKER_04]: An $80 game back in 1991 is not the same as an $80 game in 2025.
[SPEAKER_04]: An $80 Borderlands 4 game will come out, but then there's also the $30 or $40 Borderlands.
[SPEAKER_04]: Season Pass, and then all this other DLC and all these other cosmetics and maybe an in-game currency.
[SPEAKER_04]: Who the hell knows what else on top of that that you're going to be charged beyond the $80.
[SPEAKER_04]: $80 is the entry point into that game.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is not the full price of the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Stop letting these CEOs and these companies try to convince you that, well, it's just, you know, it's just the inflation stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Might I remind you that your salaries haven't gone up at the same rate as the inflation has for this stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they can go shove it up their ass.
[SPEAKER_04]: If people want to spend $80 on the game, good.
[SPEAKER_04]: But the expectation that, oh, I need to buy it day one for $80, guess what?
[SPEAKER_04]: This shit goes on sale all the fucking time.
[SPEAKER_04]: So no.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, you do not get $80 just because you're Borderlands 4.
[SPEAKER_06]: Claire Obscure Expedition 33 which will undoubtedly be the game of the year I think that's the most obvious thing I could say right now barring a huge holiday surprise we don't know what Nintendo might pull out for the holidays but barring a huge holiday surprise it is very obvious that game will be game of the year that is a $50 game and the industry just the industry just needs to sit and stare at that all the CEOs just need to sit and stare at that for a little bit
[SPEAKER_04]: and then on top of that he tried to walk it back slightly because he unknowingly got pointed out and he didn't know that the fans would call him out on that he didn't like the pull quotes, yeah
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, so someone commented on, you know, someone put real fans tweeting to a handsome Jack AI.
[SPEAKER_04]: Ooh, boy, $80 for Fortnite 4?
[SPEAKER_04]: Let me break out the world's tiniest violin.
[SPEAKER_04]: Crafted from iridium and oiled with the tears of my whiny vault hunters.
[SPEAKER_04]: Listen, Cupcake, you're not buying a game, you're investing in it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then Randy's like, oh, that's, is that how I sound?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, in all seriousness, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody likes being taken for granted, but that was not my intent.
[SPEAKER_04]: Bullshit!
[SPEAKER_04]: It wasn't your intent.
[SPEAKER_04]: You said, if you're a real fan of this, you're going to give us the full amount of money that we ask for.
[SPEAKER_04]: Fuck you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I want to also read this, then we'll move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: RinMari68 in chat says, As I said earlier, I'd be fine with the argument of games are getting more expensive due to inflation and paying the devs if I could be reassured that most of those $80 go to the people who actually made the fucking game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I said this once to one of their comments before, and I'm going to say it again.
[SPEAKER_06]: Period!
[SPEAKER_06]: I know we got an email tonight, I believe, from the same individual, right, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's go to our listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_06]: Participate at OrangeLondrina.com is the place to send your emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello again, OLR crew.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just want to say thank you for reading and responding to my email from last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is Sunday as I write this, and assuming a meteor doesn't hit my house or whatever, I should be good to listen to tonight's episode.
[SPEAKER_02]: So DJ Ranma S says he's in Japan and was around Akihabara.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mentioned to him that he should visit Akihabara Hei, short for Hirose Entertainment Yard.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a wonderful little arcade, more specifically a specialized branch of the Taito Station franchise.
[SPEAKER_02]: with a whole floor of retro arcade games and two entire rows of retro shmups, shoot-em-ups like Raiden, Gradius, Toho Project.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now I'm going to make myself feel old and say that cave games are retro at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had visited Japan last November, and it was as excellent of an arcade as I expected.
[SPEAKER_02]: All of the shmup cabs have auto-fire buttons, which is great because I'm anti-American and dislike having to type the same button repeatedly and rapidly over the course of a 30-minute game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also wanted to bring up that this kind of retro arcade is becoming less and less common in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Most arcades I saw were mostly price catcher games.
[SPEAKER_02]: According to a Hamitsu article that interviewed one of the staff of Game Center Mikado, another retro arcade in Tokyo, well, there's three branches and I visited two of them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Only about 30 arcades like this still exist in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of the big chain arcades that have
[SPEAKER_02]: more than UFO catcher games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Usually they will have a ton of rhythm games, those weird gacha card games, video game mahjong, and not much else for video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: At least I played a ton of Tunism, the rhythm game with a touch lighter and an air sensor that you wave your hands through, to unlock a song that an acquaintance of mine made, La Symphonie des Célestia Agony Movement.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that's about my main arcade rhythm game at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I find this and Sega's other rhythm games, MaiMai, Ongeki, more appealing at this point due to their well-refined mechanics, and they've basically been a competitor to Bamani for the last decade.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did get to play the newest Bamani game, Polaris Chord.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's sort of a cross between Chinnithim and Sound Vortex.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought it was a neat idea, but I really didn't like it had gacha elements, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kind of wish I'd gotten to check out Japanese arcades maybe 20 or even 10 years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're still well afloat, and their machines are still well taken care of.
[SPEAKER_02]: The variety in those arcades is not as diverse as it used to be.
[SPEAKER_02]: As such, I try to enjoy these arcades when I get a chance.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're already dead-ish in America, and they're on their way to that in Japan, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyways, thank you for reading this email.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's great to be listening to OLR full-time again.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll see you folks at 6.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rin Mari, Clarita.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you for the state of the different arcades you were able to visit over in Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't wait to hear about Ranma's experience too when he's back from his trip.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'd still love to go someday.
[SPEAKER_06]: Y'all know I've never been to Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'd love to go at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll tell you what, my desire to go to Kyoto has stopped.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's completely over.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wow, what happened?
[SPEAKER_02]: Seeing how tourists... Well, okay, I want to go to Kyoto, but I don't want to do the tourist things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because right now, tourists in Kyoto are fucking everything up for everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: The locals are angry.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have people who are completely disrespecting shrines, littering, trying to destroy ancient bamboo forests by just being absolute idiots.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just and completely, you know, hogging up the bus system and everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't want to contribute to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm thinking if I go to Kyoto, I want to go to the places that are off the beaten path or maybe to some of the other shrine towns and go actually be respectful instead of, you know, being a stupid Westerner.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have a few friends living there.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, that does it for our listener roundtable tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you want to send us some emails in our future week, participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send an email.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that takes us to last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if we have anything, Loki, but I'll check in with you.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, that's nothing else other than what we just talked about with Michael Bay.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fair enough.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, then we're going to wrap it up for the night.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know it's a little bit early, but I have plans after the show because this is a three-day weekend this week.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think I noticed there's less people watching live tonight probably also because it is a three-day weekend.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so folks are out doing things.
[SPEAKER_06]: So all's good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you for being here whether you were live or on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_06]: We appreciate your participation either way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Super appreciate that.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_06]: Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_06]: A nice five-star review on a place like Apple Podcasts or Spotify or YouTube.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yes, I saw the YouTube comment.
[SPEAKER_06]: Will you say something, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: A nice five-star review on those places going an awful long way, and we really appreciate those as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: But at the end of the day, a social media repost or anything like that, that all helps as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: With that, we're going to get to final thoughts tonight.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, you are streaming tonight after the show for a little bit, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I am and I do in this case ask that if we have people show up, stay because I'm going to be raiding Nick and Prince later who is, like I said, doing stream for a cause and I'm going to see if I can do some 2v8 in Dead by Daylight when Nick wakes up from his nappy naps.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_06]: Then we'll go over to... Actually, I'll just say bye to you, DarkSakura, so you can go off and get your stream started, but we'll see you next week.
[SPEAKER_03]: and meanwhile we'll go over to Loki with your final thoughts tonight, Loki my final thought is hopefully I have my episode out this week or something else
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_06]: I will play lots of time-wasting games like I usually do throughout the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: Have a great week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_06]: We will see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good night.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_05]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_05]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_05]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
[SPEAKER_05]: Pacific, 9 p.m.
[SPEAKER_05]: Eastern.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_05]: See you next week.